README.md, before:

# VINS-Fusion

## **The updated repository for OpenCV `3.x` & Ceres `2.2.0+`**
This is a fork of a fork of the [**VINS-Fusion package**](https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion) which was updated to the latest OpenCV version by [**fbasatemur**](https://github.com/fbasatemur/VINS-Fusion). this fork updates the package by changing all references to `LocalParameterizations` to the new `Manifold` superclass

## An optimization-based multi-sensor state estimator

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/vins_logo.png" width = 55% height = 55% div align=left />
<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/kitti.png" width = 34% height = 34% div align=center />

VINS-Fusion is an optimization-based multi-sensor state estimator, which achieves accurate self-localization for autonomous applications (drones, cars, and AR/VR). VINS-Fusion is an extension of [VINS-Mono](https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Mono), which supports multiple visual-inertial sensor types (mono camera + IMU, stereo cameras + IMU, even stereo cameras only). We also show a toy example of fusing VINS with GPS. 
**Features:**
- multiple sensors support (stereo cameras / mono camera+IMU / stereo cameras+IMU)
- online spatial calibration (transformation between camera and IMU)
- online temporal calibration (time offset between camera and IMU)
- visual loop closure

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/kitti_rank.png" width = 80% height = 80% />

We are the **top** open-sourced stereo algorithm on [KITTI Odometry Benchmark](http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_odometry.php) (12.Jan.2019).

**Authors:** [Tong Qin](http://www.qintonguav.com), Shaozu Cao, Jie Pan, [Peiliang Li](https://peiliangli.github.io/), and [Shaojie Shen](http://www.ece.ust.hk/ece.php/profile/facultydetail/eeshaojie) from the [Aerial Robotics Group](http://uav.ust.hk/), [HKUST](https://www.ust.hk/)

**Videos:**

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1qye82aW7nI" target="_blank"><img src="http://img.youtube.com/vi/1qye82aW7nI/0.jpg" 
alt="VINS" width="320" height="240" border="10" /></a>


**Related Paper:** (paper is not exactly same with code)

* **Online Temporal Calibration for Monocular Visual-Inertial Systems**, Tong Qin, Shaojie Shen, IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS, 2018), **best student paper award** [pdf](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8593603)

* **VINS-Mono: A Robust and Versatile Monocular Visual-Inertial State Estimator**, Tong Qin, Peiliang Li, Shaojie Shen, IEEE Transactions on Robotics [pdf](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8421746/?arnumber=8421746&source=authoralert) 


*If you use VINS-Fusion for your academic research, please cite our related papers. [bib](https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/paper_bib.txt)*

## 1. Prerequisites
### 1.1 **Ubuntu** and **ROS**
Ubuntu 64-bit 16.04 or 18.04.
ROS Kinetic or Melodic. [ROS Installation](http://wiki.ros.org/ROS/Installation)


### 1.2. **Ceres Solver**
Follow [Ceres Installation](http://ceres-solver.org/installation.html).

**You should install Ceres 1.14.0, for current systems**

## 2. Build VINS-Fusion
Clone the repository and catkin_make:
```
    cd ~/catkin_ws/src
    git clone https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion.git
    cd ../
    catkin_make
    source ~/catkin_ws/devel/setup.bash
```
(if you fail in this step, try to find another computer with clean system or reinstall Ubuntu and ROS)

## 3. EuRoC Example
Download [EuRoC MAV Dataset](http://projects.asl.ethz.ch/datasets/doku.php?id=kmavvisualinertialdatasets) to YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER. Take MH_01 for example, you can run VINS-Fusion with three sensor types (monocular camera + IMU, stereo cameras + IMU and stereo cameras). 
Open four terminals, run vins odometry, visual loop closure(optional), rviz and play the bag file respectively. 
Green path is VIO odometry; red path is odometry under visual loop closure.

### 3.1 Monocualr camera + IMU

```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins vins_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_mono_imu_config.yaml 
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_mono_imu_config.yaml 
    rosbag play YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/MH_01_easy.bag
```

### 3.2 Stereo cameras + IMU

```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins vins_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_stereo_imu_config.yaml 
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_stereo_imu_config.yaml 
    rosbag play YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/MH_01_easy.bag
```

### 3.3 Stereo cameras

```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins vins_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_stereo_config.yaml 
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_stereo_config.yaml 
    rosbag play YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/MH_01_easy.bag
```

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/euroc.gif" width = 430 height = 240 />


## 4. KITTI Example
### 4.1 KITTI Odometry (Stereo)
Download [KITTI Odometry dataset](http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_odometry.php) to YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER. Take sequences 00 for example,
Open two terminals, run vins and rviz respectively. 
(We evaluated odometry on KITTI benchmark without loop closure funtion)
```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_odom/kitti_config00-02.yaml
    rosrun vins kitti_odom_test ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_odom/kitti_config00-02.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/sequences/00/ 
```
### 4.2 KITTI GPS Fusion (Stereo + GPS)
Download [KITTI raw dataset](http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/raw_data.php) to YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER. Take [2011_10_03_drive_0027_synced](https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/avg-kitti/raw_data/2011_10_03_drive_0027/2011_10_03_drive_0027_sync.zip) for example.
Open three terminals, run vins, global fusion and rviz respectively. 
Green path is VIO odometry; blue path is odometry under GPS global fusion.
```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins kitti_gps_test ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_raw/kitti_10_03_config.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/2011_10_03_drive_0027_sync/ 
    rosrun global_fusion global_fusion_node
```

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/kitti.gif" width = 430 height = 240 />

## 5. VINS-Fusion on car demonstration
Download [car bag](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10t9H1u8pMGDOI6Q2w2uezEq5Ib-Z8tLz) to YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER.
Open four terminals, run vins odometry, visual loop closure(optional), rviz and play the bag file respectively. 
Green path is VIO odometry; red path is odometry under visual loop closure.
```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins vins_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/vi_car/vi_car.yaml 
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/vi_car/vi_car.yaml 
    rosbag play YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/car.bag
```

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/car_gif.gif" width = 430 height = 240  />


## 6. Run with your devices 
VIO is not only a software algorithm, it heavily relies on hardware quality. For beginners, we recommend you to run VIO with professional equipment, which contains global shutter cameras and hardware synchronization.

### 6.1 Configuration file
Write a config file for your device. You can take config files of EuRoC and KITTI as the example. 

### 6.2 Camera calibration
VINS-Fusion support several camera models (pinhole, mei, equidistant). You can use [camera model](https://github.com/hengli/camodocal) to calibrate your cameras. We put some example data under /camera_models/calibrationdata to tell you how to calibrate.
```
cd ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/camera_models/camera_calib_example/
rosrun camera_models Calibrations -w 12 -h 8 -s 80 -i calibrationdata --camera-model pinhole
```

## 7. Docker Support
To further facilitate the building process, we add docker in our code. Docker environment is like a sandbox, thus makes our code environment-independent. To run with docker, first make sure [ros](http://wiki.ros.org/ROS/Installation) and [docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/) are installed on your machine. Then add your account to `docker` group by `sudo usermod -aG docker $YOUR_USER_NAME`. **Relaunch the terminal or logout and re-login if you get `Permission denied` error**, type:
```
cd ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/docker
make build
```
Note that the docker building process may take a while depends on your network and machine. After VINS-Fusion successfully built, you can run vins estimator with script `run.sh`.
Script `run.sh` can take several flags and arguments. Flag `-k` means KITTI, `-l` represents loop fusion, and `-g` stands for global fusion. You can get the usage details by `./run.sh -h`. Here are some examples with this script:
```
# Euroc Monocualr camera + IMU
./run.sh ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_mono_imu_config.yaml

# Euroc Stereo cameras + IMU with loop fusion
./run.sh -l ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_mono_imu_config.yaml

# KITTI Odometry (Stereo)
./run.sh -k ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_odom/kitti_config00-02.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/sequences/00/

# KITTI Odometry (Stereo) with loop fusion
./run.sh -kl ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_odom/kitti_config00-02.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/sequences/00/

#  KITTI GPS Fusion (Stereo + GPS)
./run.sh -kg ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_raw/kitti_10_03_config.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/2011_10_03_drive_0027_sync/

```
In Euroc cases, you need open another terminal and play your bag file. If you need modify the code, simply re-run `./run.sh` with proper auguments after your changes.


## 8. Acknowledgements
We use [ceres solver](http://ceres-solver.org/) for non-linear optimization and [DBoW2](https://github.com/dorian3d/DBoW2) for loop detection, a generic [camera model](https://github.com/hengli/camodocal) and [GeographicLib](https://geographiclib.sourceforge.io/).

## 9. License
The source code is released under [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/) license.

We are still working on improving the code reliability. For any technical issues, please contact Tong Qin <qintonguavATgmail.com>.

For commercial inquiries, please contact Shaojie Shen <eeshaojieATust.hk>.

Commit message:

Added necessary Ceres change to the readme.

README.md, after:

# VINS-Fusion

## **The updated repository for OpenCV `3.x` & Ceres `2.2.0+`**
This is a fork of a fork of the [**VINS-Fusion package**](https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion) which was updated to the latest OpenCV version by [**fbasatemur**](https://github.com/fbasatemur/VINS-Fusion). this fork updates the package by changing all references to `LocalParameterizations` to the new `Manifold` superclass


- *Note: Due to a change in Ceres `2.~` in how it loads Cuda libraries, the cuda libraries are incompatible with CMake versions `< 1.17` which isn't avaiable on Ubuntu versions `16.04`, `18.04` & `20.04`, and will fail when you attempt to build the `VINS-Fusion` package. To fix this, when you build the Ceres package at the cmake step set the `USE_CUDA` compiler flag to `off`*
```bash
cmake ../ceres-solver-2.2.0 -DUSE_CUDA=OFF
```


## An optimization-based multi-sensor state estimator

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/vins_logo.png" width = 55% height = 55% div align=left />
<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/kitti.png" width = 34% height = 34% div align=center />

VINS-Fusion is an optimization-based multi-sensor state estimator, which achieves accurate self-localization for autonomous applications (drones, cars, and AR/VR). VINS-Fusion is an extension of [VINS-Mono](https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Mono), which supports multiple visual-inertial sensor types (mono camera + IMU, stereo cameras + IMU, even stereo cameras only). We also show a toy example of fusing VINS with GPS. 
**Features:**
- multiple sensors support (stereo cameras / mono camera+IMU / stereo cameras+IMU)
- online spatial calibration (transformation between camera and IMU)
- online temporal calibration (time offset between camera and IMU)
- visual loop closure

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/kitti_rank.png" width = 80% height = 80% />

We are the **top** open-sourced stereo algorithm on [KITTI Odometry Benchmark](http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_odometry.php) (12.Jan.2019).

**Authors:** [Tong Qin](http://www.qintonguav.com), Shaozu Cao, Jie Pan, [Peiliang Li](https://peiliangli.github.io/), and [Shaojie Shen](http://www.ece.ust.hk/ece.php/profile/facultydetail/eeshaojie) from the [Aerial Robotics Group](http://uav.ust.hk/), [HKUST](https://www.ust.hk/)

**Videos:**

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1qye82aW7nI" target="_blank"><img src="http://img.youtube.com/vi/1qye82aW7nI/0.jpg" 
alt="VINS" width="320" height="240" border="10" /></a>


**Related Paper:** (paper is not exactly same with code)

* **Online Temporal Calibration for Monocular Visual-Inertial Systems**, Tong Qin, Shaojie Shen, IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS, 2018), **best student paper award** [pdf](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8593603)

* **VINS-Mono: A Robust and Versatile Monocular Visual-Inertial State Estimator**, Tong Qin, Peiliang Li, Shaojie Shen, IEEE Transactions on Robotics [pdf](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8421746/?arnumber=8421746&source=authoralert) 


*If you use VINS-Fusion for your academic research, please cite our related papers. [bib](https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/paper_bib.txt)*

## 1. Prerequisites
### 1.1 **Ubuntu** and **ROS**
Ubuntu 64-bit 16.04 or 18.04.
ROS Kinetic or Melodic. [ROS Installation](http://wiki.ros.org/ROS/Installation)


### 1.2. **Ceres Solver**
Follow [Ceres Installation](http://ceres-solver.org/installation.html).

**You should install Ceres 1.14.0, for current systems**

## 2. Build VINS-Fusion
Clone the repository and catkin_make:
```
    cd ~/catkin_ws/src
    git clone https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion.git
    cd ../
    catkin_make
    source ~/catkin_ws/devel/setup.bash
```
(if you fail in this step, try to find another computer with clean system or reinstall Ubuntu and ROS)

## 3. EuRoC Example
Download [EuRoC MAV Dataset](http://projects.asl.ethz.ch/datasets/doku.php?id=kmavvisualinertialdatasets) to YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER. Take MH_01 for example, you can run VINS-Fusion with three sensor types (monocular camera + IMU, stereo cameras + IMU and stereo cameras). 
Open four terminals, run vins odometry, visual loop closure(optional), rviz and play the bag file respectively. 
Green path is VIO odometry; red path is odometry under visual loop closure.

### 3.1 Monocualr camera + IMU

```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins vins_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_mono_imu_config.yaml 
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_mono_imu_config.yaml 
    rosbag play YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/MH_01_easy.bag
```

### 3.2 Stereo cameras + IMU

```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins vins_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_stereo_imu_config.yaml 
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_stereo_imu_config.yaml 
    rosbag play YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/MH_01_easy.bag
```

### 3.3 Stereo cameras

```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins vins_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_stereo_config.yaml 
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_stereo_config.yaml 
    rosbag play YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/MH_01_easy.bag
```

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/euroc.gif" width = 430 height = 240 />


## 4. KITTI Example
### 4.1 KITTI Odometry (Stereo)
Download [KITTI Odometry dataset](http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_odometry.php) to YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER. Take sequences 00 for example,
Open two terminals, run vins and rviz respectively. 
(We evaluated odometry on KITTI benchmark without loop closure funtion)
```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_odom/kitti_config00-02.yaml
    rosrun vins kitti_odom_test ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_odom/kitti_config00-02.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/sequences/00/ 
```
### 4.2 KITTI GPS Fusion (Stereo + GPS)
Download [KITTI raw dataset](http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/raw_data.php) to YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER. Take [2011_10_03_drive_0027_synced](https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/avg-kitti/raw_data/2011_10_03_drive_0027/2011_10_03_drive_0027_sync.zip) for example.
Open three terminals, run vins, global fusion and rviz respectively. 
Green path is VIO odometry; blue path is odometry under GPS global fusion.
```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins kitti_gps_test ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_raw/kitti_10_03_config.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/2011_10_03_drive_0027_sync/ 
    rosrun global_fusion global_fusion_node
```

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/kitti.gif" width = 430 height = 240 />

## 5. VINS-Fusion on car demonstration
Download [car bag](https://drive.google.com/open?id=10t9H1u8pMGDOI6Q2w2uezEq5Ib-Z8tLz) to YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER.
Open four terminals, run vins odometry, visual loop closure(optional), rviz and play the bag file respectively. 
Green path is VIO odometry; red path is odometry under visual loop closure.
```
    roslaunch vins vins_rviz.launch
    rosrun vins vins_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/vi_car/vi_car.yaml 
    (optional) rosrun loop_fusion loop_fusion_node ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/vi_car/vi_car.yaml 
    rosbag play YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/car.bag
```

<img src="https://github.com/HKUST-Aerial-Robotics/VINS-Fusion/blob/master/support_files/image/car_gif.gif" width = 430 height = 240  />


## 6. Run with your devices 
VIO is not only a software algorithm, it heavily relies on hardware quality. For beginners, we recommend you to run VIO with professional equipment, which contains global shutter cameras and hardware synchronization.

### 6.1 Configuration file
Write a config file for your device. You can take config files of EuRoC and KITTI as the example. 

### 6.2 Camera calibration
VINS-Fusion support several camera models (pinhole, mei, equidistant). You can use [camera model](https://github.com/hengli/camodocal) to calibrate your cameras. We put some example data under /camera_models/calibrationdata to tell you how to calibrate.
```
cd ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/camera_models/camera_calib_example/
rosrun camera_models Calibrations -w 12 -h 8 -s 80 -i calibrationdata --camera-model pinhole
```

## 7. Docker Support
To further facilitate the building process, we add docker in our code. Docker environment is like a sandbox, thus makes our code environment-independent. To run with docker, first make sure [ros](http://wiki.ros.org/ROS/Installation) and [docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/) are installed on your machine. Then add your account to `docker` group by `sudo usermod -aG docker $YOUR_USER_NAME`. **Relaunch the terminal or logout and re-login if you get `Permission denied` error**, type:
```
cd ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/docker
make build
```
Note that the docker building process may take a while depends on your network and machine. After VINS-Fusion successfully built, you can run vins estimator with script `run.sh`.
Script `run.sh` can take several flags and arguments. Flag `-k` means KITTI, `-l` represents loop fusion, and `-g` stands for global fusion. You can get the usage details by `./run.sh -h`. Here are some examples with this script:
```
# Euroc Monocualr camera + IMU
./run.sh ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_mono_imu_config.yaml

# Euroc Stereo cameras + IMU with loop fusion
./run.sh -l ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/euroc/euroc_mono_imu_config.yaml

# KITTI Odometry (Stereo)
./run.sh -k ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_odom/kitti_config00-02.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/sequences/00/

# KITTI Odometry (Stereo) with loop fusion
./run.sh -kl ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_odom/kitti_config00-02.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/sequences/00/

#  KITTI GPS Fusion (Stereo + GPS)
./run.sh -kg ~/catkin_ws/src/VINS-Fusion/config/kitti_raw/kitti_10_03_config.yaml YOUR_DATASET_FOLDER/2011_10_03_drive_0027_sync/

```
In Euroc cases, you need open another terminal and play your bag file. If you need modify the code, simply re-run `./run.sh` with proper auguments after your changes.


## 8. Acknowledgements
We use [ceres solver](http://ceres-solver.org/) for non-linear optimization and [DBoW2](https://github.com/dorian3d/DBoW2) for loop detection, a generic [camera model](https://github.com/hengli/camodocal) and [GeographicLib](https://geographiclib.sourceforge.io/).

## 9. License
The source code is released under [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/) license.

We are still working on improving the code reliability. For any technical issues, please contact Tong Qin <qintonguavATgmail.com>.

For commercial inquiries, please contact Shaojie Shen <eeshaojieATust.hk>.
